Andrea Gabrieli  was an Italian[1] composer and organist of the late Renaissance. The uncle of the somewhat more famous Giovanni Gabrieli, he was the first internationally renowned member of the Venetian School of composers, and was extremely influential in spreading the Venetian style in Italy as well as in Germany. 

Roland de Lassus  was a Netherlandish or Franco-Flemish composer of the late Renaissance. Roland de Lassus is today considered to be the chief representative of the mature polyphonic style of the Franco-Flemish school, and one of the three most famous and influential musicians in Europe at the end of the 16th century . 

Gilles de Binche (called Binchois; also known as Gilles de Bins; ca.1400 – 20 September 1460), was a Netherlandish composer, one of the earliest members of the Burgundian school and one of the three most famous composers of the early 15th century. While often ranked behind his contemporaries Guillaume Dufay and John Dunstable, at least by contemporary scholars, his influence was arguably greater than either, since his works were cited, borrowed and used as source material more often than those by any other composer of the time. 

Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz y Pascual  was a Spanish pianist and composer best known for his piano works based on folk music idioms. Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz was born in 29 May 1860. Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz died in 18 May.  Transcriptions of many of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz's pieces, such as Asturias , Granada, Sevilla, Cádiz, Córdoba, Cataluña, and the Tango in D, are important pieces for classical guitar, though Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz never composed for the guitar. The personal papers of Isaac Albéniz are preserved, among other institutions, in the Biblioteca de Catalunya. 

Josquin des Prez , often referred to simply as Josquin, was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance. His original name is sometimes given as Josquin Lebloitte and his later name is given under a wide variety of spellings in French, Italian, and Latin, including Iosquinus Pratensis and Iodocus a Prato. His motet Illibata Dei virgo nutrix includes an acrostic of his name, where he spelled it "Josquin des Prez". [2][3] He was the most famous European composer between Guillaume Dufay and Palestrina, and is usually considered to be the central figure of the Franco-Flemish School. Josquin is widely considered by music scholars to be the first master of the high Renaissance style of polyphonic vocal music that was emerging during his lifetime. 

Ludwig Senfl (born around 1486, died between December 2, 1542 and August 10, 1543) was a Swiss composer of the Renaissance, active in Germany. He was the most famous pupil of Heinrich Isaac, was music director to the court of Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor, and was an influential figure in the development of the Franco-Flemish polyphonic style in Germany. 

Johannes Ockeghem (also Jean de, Jan; surname Okeghem, Ogkegum, Okchem, Hocquegam, Ockegham; other variant spellings are also encountered) (1410/1425 – February 6,[2] 1497) was the most famous composer of the Franco-Flemish School in the last half of the 15th century, and is often considered the most influential composer between Dufay and Josquin des Prez. In addition to being a renowned composer, he was also an honored singer, choirmaster, and teacher. 

Adrian Willaert  was a Netherlandish composer of the Renaissance and founder of the Venetian School. [1] Adrian Willaert was one of the most representative members of the generation of northern composers who moved to Italy and transplanted the polyphonic Franco-Flemish style there. 

Guillaume Dufay  was a Franco-Flemish composer of the early Renaissance. Guillaume Dufay was born in 5 August,. Guillaume Dufay died in 27 November.  The central figure in the Burgundian School, Guillaume Dufay was regarded by Guillaume Dufay's contemporaries as the leading composer in Europe in the mid-15th century. 

